.TH SUNXI-TOOLS "7" "August 2013" "For allWinner's A10/A20"
.SH NAME
sunxi-tools \- Tools to help hacking Allwinner A10 (aka sun4i) based devices
and possibly it's successors, that's why the 'x' in the package name.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B fexc
[\fI-vq\fR] [\fI-I <fex|bin>\fR] [\fI-O <bin|fex>\fR] [\fI<input> \fR[\fI<output>\fR]]
.PP
(de)compiler for `.fex` configuration file.
.PP
.B fex2bin
[\fI-vq\fR] [\fI<input> \fR[\fI<output>\fR]]
.PP
Compatibility shortcut to call `fexc` to decompile an script.bin
blob back into `.fex` format used by allwinner's SDK to configure
the boards
.PP
.B bin2fex
[\fI-vq\fR] [\fI<input> \fR[\fI<output>\fR]]
.PP
Compatiblity shortcut to call `fexc` to compile a `.fex` file into
the binary form used by the sun4i kernel.
.PP
.B fel
\fIcommand arguments\fR [\fIcommand arguments\fR ...]
.PP
Script interface for talking to the FEL USB handler built in to
the CPU. You activate FEL mode by pushing the usboot/recovery
button at poweron.
.PP
.B pio
[\fI-m\fR|\fI-i input\fR] [\fI-o output\fR] \fIpin\fR ...
.PP
Manipulate PIO register dumps
.PP
.B nand-part
\fInand-device '\fIname2\fR \fIlen2\fR [\fIusertype2\fR]' ['\fIname3 len3\fR [\fIusertype3\fR]'] ...
.br
.B nand-part
\fInand-device [\fI-f\fR] \fIstart1\fR '\fIname1 len1\fR [\fIusertype1\fR]' ['\fIname2 len2\fR [\fIusertype2\fR]'] ...
.PP
Tool for manipulating Allwinner A10 NAND partition tables.
.PP
.B nand-part-a20
\fInand-device '\fIname2\fR \fIlen2\fR [\fIusertype2\fR]' ['\fIname3 len3\fR [\fIusertype3\fR]'] ...
.br
.B nand-part-a20
\fInand-device [\fI-f\fR] \fIstart1\fR '\fIname1 len1\fR [\fIusertype1\fR]' ['\fIname2 len2\fR [\fIusertype2\fR]'] ...
.PP
Tool for manipulating Allwinner A20 NAND partition tables
.PP
.B bootinfo
[\fI--type=<sd|nand>\fR] \FIfilename\FR
.PP
Dump information from Allwinner boot files (boot0/boot1)
.PP
.B phoenix_info
[\FI-v\FR] [\FI-q\FR] [\FI-p N\FR] [\FI-o X\FR] [\FI-s\FR] [\FIphoenix_image\FR]
.PP
Gives information about a phoenix image created by the
phoenixcard utility and optionally extracts the embedded boot
code & firmware file from their hidden partitions.
.PP
.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
See the help of each tool for more information about its usage (\FI-?\FR).
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Alejandro Mery <amery@geeks.cl>
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs at https://github.com/linux-sunxi/sunxi-tools
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2012 Alejandro Mery
License GPLv2+: GNU GPL version 2 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
